golang bump to v6; adds initialization instructions (#498)
Eppo-exp/eppo-docs: docs/sdks/server-sdks/go.md

  eppoClient, err = eppoclient.InitClient(eppoclient.Config{
    SdkKey: "<your_sdk_key>",
  })

>   timedOut := false
>   select {
>     case <-client.Initialized():
>       timedOut = false
>     case <-time.After(2 * time.Second):
>       timedOut = true
>   }
> 
>   if timedOut {
>     log.Fatal("Timed out waiting for Eppo SDK to initialize")
>   }

Reviewer: minor: can be simplified
```suggestion
  select {
    case <-client.Initialized():
    case <-time.After(2 * time.Second):
      log.Warn("Timed out waiting for Eppo SDK to initialize")
  }
```

}
```

After initialization, the SDK begins polling Eppo's API at regular intervals to retrieve the most recent experiment configurations such as variation values and traffic allocation. The SDK stores these configurations in memory so that assignments thereafter are effectively instant. For more information, see the [architecture overview](/sdks/architecture) page.

> ### Waiting for initialization

Reviewer 2: 🔥
